README.md, before:

# Team 05 Senior Project README
This repository contains the new React app

## Running the Code

   * Run:
  ```
   npm start
   ```

  * View Page Locally:
  ```
    App runs in http://localhost:3000/
   ```

## Project Notes
The project notes will be updated as changes are made to the project.   

   **Date:** 3/15/2020
   
    Note:
    - This Repository includes the new React app for the Sales Forecasting project
    - The connected page is the page that is currently displayed
    - The login page should be the first page that is displayed, and after clicking the button the user should be prompted to log in: This is not functional!
    - Upon running, the main page is shown: this is currently not connected to the other main Sales Forecasting application
    - Cosmetic changes will be made later

   **Date:** 3/21/2020
   
    Note:
    - The connected page is the page that is currently displayed
    - Each page has a basic layout for what the page is going to look like
    - The user tab has the test connection for connecting to the old application
   
   **Date:** 3/29/2020
   
      Note:
        - The connected page is the page that is currently displayed
        - The login page now has the connect to QuickBooks button functioning
        - The redirect after logging in goes to the Oauth page of the React app, 
        - This will have to hit the /oauth2redirect endpoint in the old application to set the session realmId, authCode, and tokens
        - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
        
   **Date:** 04/03/2020
      
         Note:
           - Functional login and connected page
           - React app is now connected to QuickBooks API and can call from the old backend
         Work in Progress: 
           - Display the home page after connecting, link home to connected 
           - Format new data that is pulled from the old backend
           - Logout button
           - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
           
   **Date:** 04/09/2020
                 
        Note:
          - All pages are functional and have content
        Work in Progress: 
          - Display the graphs from the backend 
          - Report repository
          - Generate reports tab
          - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
           

   **Date:** 04/12/2020
                
           Note:
             - All pages are functional and have content
             - Change favicon 
           Work in Progress: 
             - Display the graphs from the backend 
             - Report repository
             - Generate reports tab
             - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
             
   **Date:** 04/13/2020
                    
               Note:
                 - Changes to user dashboard, format graphs
               Work in Progress: 
                - Report repository
                 - Generate reports tab
                 - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
                 
   **Date:** 04/18/2020
                    
               Note:
                 - Changes to reports, generate, and help tabs
               Work in Progress: 
                  - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
                  
   **Date:** 04/23/2020
                    
               Note:
                 - Changes to notification
                 - Allow notifications to be pulled from the backend
                 - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
               Work in Progress: 
                  - Any final changes

Commit message:

docs: finalize comments and documentation

README.md, after:

# Team 05 Senior Project README
This repository contains the frontend for the Team05 Senior Project

## Running the Code

   * Run:
  ```
   npm start
   ```

  * View Page Locally:
  ```
    App runs in http://localhost:3000/
   ```

## Project Notes
The project notes will be updated as changes are made to the project.   

   **Date:** 03/15/2020
   
    Note:
    - This Repository includes the new React app for the Sales Forecasting project
    - The connected page is the page that is currently displayed
    - The login page should be the first page that is displayed, and after clicking the button the user should be prompted to log in: This is not functional!
    - Upon running, the main page is shown: this is currently not connected to the other main Sales Forecasting application
    - Cosmetic changes will be made later

   **Date:** 03/21/2020
   
    Note:
    - The connected page is the page that is currently displayed
    - Each page has a basic layout for what the page is going to look like
    - The user tab has the test connection for connecting to the old application
   
   **Date:** 03/29/2020
   
      Note:
        - The connected page is the page that is currently displayed
        - The login page now has the connect to QuickBooks button functioning
        - The redirect after logging in goes to the Oauth page of the React app, 
        - This will have to hit the /oauth2redirect endpoint in the old application to set the session realmId, authCode, and tokens
        - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
        
   **Date:** 04/03/2020
      
         Note:
           - Functional login and connected page
           - React app is now connected to QuickBooks API and can call from the old backend
         Work in Progress: 
           - Display the home page after connecting, link home to connected 
           - Format new data that is pulled from the old backend
           - Logout button
           - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
           
   **Date:** 04/09/2020
                 
        Note:
          - All pages are functional and have content
        Work in Progress: 
          - Display the graphs from the backend 
          - Report repository
          - Generate reports tab
          - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
           

   **Date:** 04/12/2020
                
           Note:
             - All pages are functional and have content
             - Change favicon 
           Work in Progress: 
             - Display the graphs from the backend 
             - Report repository
             - Generate reports tab
             - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
             
   **Date:** 04/13/2020
                    
               Note:
                 - Changes to user dashboard, format graphs
               Work in Progress: 
                - Report repository
                 - Generate reports tab
                 - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
                 
   **Date:** 04/18/2020
                    
               Note:
                 - Changes to reports, generate, and help tabs
               Work in Progress: 
                  - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
                  
   **Date:** 04/23/2020
                    
               Note:
                 - Changes to notification
                 - Allow notifications to be pulled from the backend
                 - Various cosmetic changes to pages 
               Work in Progress: 
                  - Any final changes
                  
  **Date:** 04/28/2020
            
                 Note:
                   - Changes to user dashboard
                   - Most recent graph generated will be displayed 
                 Work in Progress: 
                    - Any final changes
                    
  **Date:** 05/02/2020
                
                Note:
                - Finalize documentation and comments in files
